Hi folks, my name is Kristin Bott and I'm coming to you as one of the co-leads for the Pride
Employee Resource Group at PawsitPBC. Today I'm going to be talking about building community at
work. Now thinking about ways that folks tend to approach this, I think it's very classic to do
big things. So maybe you bring in a speaker to approach a somewhat heady topic like how to be
your authentic self at work. Or there's always the classic drag bingo. Now I think this is a really
fun thing to do. People love this as an event. This is something we do at Pawsit every year.
And people tell us things like, oh my kids really look forward to it. This is one of the highlights
of our summer. And come on, who doesn't love a queer dance break in the middle of the workday?
So this is a great event. This is something we want to keep. And yet we wanted to see what else
might meet the needs of our community. What else could we do? Maybe one way to think about this
is if you have a big event, you have a speaker or an entertainer, you have people listening.
They're all paying attention to that one speaker. But if you take the speaker away,
you provide an opportunity for people to connect with one another.
So idea number one, how about a coffee break? This is 45 minutes. We do this monthly. Bring
whatever beverage you have to have. Join when you can. Leave when you have to. So this is a nice
place to chat in a relatively small group. You can do things like meet people's pets or see their
apartments. You can hear about their latest art project or talk about the weather. And sometimes
this is also the right environment for more deep and involved conversations like how are you really
doing? This has landed really well with people. And yet what else can we do? Who could we reach
by doing something slightly different? Enter the pride game break. This is half an hour every month.
We get folks together and do something fun, play some kind of game together. So we've had Jeopardy,
trivia games, drawing games like Gartic Phone. I think this works really well because it gives
people a third thing, something to do together, something to connect through without the same
dynamics as a direct full-on conversation. Okay, that's great. What else? The newest addition to
our lineup is something we're calling Queer Lightning Talks. So yes, you have the dynamic
I described earlier of people all paying attention to the same person, but the presentations are short
and the people speaking are our own. Topics are completely open-ended, work, non-work, whatever
folks choose to speak about. Some recent talk topics include a deep dive on animal communication
from someone with a PhD in neuroscience, a story complete with visuals about the challenging
journey of knitting your first pair of socks, a run-through of a previous iteration of this talk,
and a five-minute walkthrough of how to turn yourself from a human into a creature from
another planet. And while these topics are all light and fun, sometimes things get a little more
interesting. So one of our members is known for fantastic clubbing outfits, and so we asked him
to put together some slides about that. And this turned into a really interesting discussion
of costumes versus outfits and how what you wear intersects with your identity.
So that's all well and fine and fun, but the question we're probably asking ourselves as
data-based people is, is any of this working? So I asked our membership what they thought,
and I received far more feedback than I could fit on this slide, but here are some key quotes for
those messages. And I'll pause for a minute here so you have a chance to read.
And of course you can come back to the slides later. So to briefly close out, to echo one of
our community members on that last slide, I think community is built through the many small actions.
You don't need big events, you don't need a big budget. If you're trying to get folks together,
consider providing multiple options. And if you have a new idea, give it time before you decide
whether it's a success or a failure. And of course, always stay plugged into your community
and get feedback. Thank you all so much for listening, and a shout out to all of our Pride
ERG co-leads, current and past, as well as our executive sponsors. I'd love to talk about any
of this, so please do get in touch. Thank you so much.